# data-parse

this spring-boot application parses an input file of SQL statements and creates an impex formatted output file
of Flight schedules.  There is an example of the input file in resources.

1. application.properties contains properties:

fileInPath

- the full path to the input file for parsing.

scheduleOutPath

- the full path to the target output file.

schedulerDateInFormat

- the format for dates in the incoming file.

schedulerDateOutFormat

- the format for dates in the incoming file.

keyFormatString

- the Flight key in the output file is generated by date-formatting departure datetime using
this property value in a DateFormat object

carrierCodeFrom=EZ
carrierCodeTo=EZY

- in the incoming file, the carrier code is "EZ" : we require it as "EZY".  the from/to properties
externalise this dependency and avoid literal strings.

flightLiteral

- value used in the output file for FLIGHT string literal to avoid literal strings in code.

scheduledLiteral

- value used in the output file for SCHEDULED string literal to avoid literal strings in code.

3. Other implementation notes

- Flight key is derived by concatenating the date component of the departure datetime, departure
airport code, arrival airport code, and flight number
- Sector is calculated by concatenating departure airport code and arrival airport code.
- the departure datetime and arrival date times are repeated in the output because EJ’s data
does not provide Expected and Planned as different fields
- while we parse all fields into the FlightSchedule object, some are unused when writing the 
output line - e.g. Departure Terminal code, check in status
- there is also implementation in the file for Fares ( the other data elements in the input
file), but these are currently not written to the file.

